Expand KB article on NFS failures due to kernel breakage. (#873)
longhorn/website: content/kb/troubleshooting-rwx-volume-fails-to-attached-caused-by-protocol-not-supported.md

Oct 11 07:42:23 dev-worker-1-autoscaled-small-19baf778f50efd8c k3s[1294]: Output: mount.nfs: Protocol not supported for 10.43.207.185:/pvc-13538170-4278-4467-b2b0-1f1ba6f54a4c on /var/lib/kubelet/plugins/kubernetes.io/csi/driver.longhorn.io/185c34f566c2eca6e8c7c6a2ede2094c076d7d25ddae286dc633eeef80551af0/globalmount
```

> The issue applies to RWX volumes on hosts running operating systems that use specific Linux kernel versions with known NFS-related bugs. Among the affected are OpenSUSE MicroOS (from 2023/10/08 to 2023/10/21) and other distributions using kernel version 6.5.6.

Reviewer: @c3y1huang we can have this kind of check in our CLI in the future. This can improve the user experience when they need to check if they encounter any known issues, as they can use CLI to check the issues at runtime immediately via an automation way.

Reviewer: ref: https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/7927 

cc @longhorn/dev

Author: Each of the checks that can change dynamically should have node Conditions that can be queried at any time.  That's the ask in #7931.

Oct 11 07:42:23 dev-worker-1-autoscaled-small-19baf778f50efd8c k3s[1294]: Output: mount.nfs: Protocol not supported for 10.43.207.185:/pvc-13538170-4278-4467-b2b0-1f1ba6f54a4c on /var/lib/kubelet/plugins/kubernetes.io/csi/driver.longhorn.io/185c34f566c2eca6e8c7c6a2ede2094c076d7d25ddae286dc633eeef80551af0/globalmount
```

The issue applies to RWX volumes on hosts running specific Linux kernel releases with known NFS-related bugs.  For instance, OpenSUSE MicroOS (from 2023/10/08 to 2023/10/21) and other distributions using version 6.5.6 of the Linux kernel.

## Reason

Longhorn RWX volumes depend on NFS to connect multiple pods to a shared volume.  But it occasionally happens that a commit to the Linux kernel can break NFS functionality.  One such regression happened in kernel version 5.15.0-94, and another in 6.5.6.  
The regression will affect any cluster with nodes using an OS containing that kernel version.  Because of the regression, NFS clients are unable to connect to an NFS server inside a share manager pod, and so the attachment fails.

#### Solution

To address the issue, you can perform either of the following actions:

> 1. Upgrade the operating system to a kernel version that is known to have a fix.
> 1. Downgrade the operating system to a kernel version prior to the regression.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Upgrade the operating system to a version that uses a fixed kernel version.
- Downgrade the operating system to a version that uses a kernel released before the regression occurred.
```

| Broken Version | Downgrade Version | Upgrade Version |
| -------------- | ----------------- | --------------- |
| 5.15.0-94      | 5.15.0-92         | 5.15.0-100      |
| 6.5.6          | 6.5.5             | 6.5.7           |

## Related information

> Some details of the specific causes can be found in  
> 
> https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/6857  
> https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/6887

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

- https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/6857  
- https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/6887
```
